.TH fiflo 1 "General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
fiflo - edit text on Linux using Windows keyboard shortcuts
.SH SYNOPSIS
fiflo [basename/filename/option]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Currently supports only all ASCII printable chars, space and the horizontal
tab. It has got dynamically allocated buffer which can hold up to
16 MB - 1 chars. Implementation considers that newline char is equal to the
linefeed. The tab char needs as many bytes as it's width in the editor:
from 2, 4 or 8. Also it supports the paste option from outside a terminal but
it probably depends from a terminal.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show a program help.
.TP
.B -s, --spaces
Force to use spaces for an indentation.
.TP
.B -t, --tabs
Force to use the tab for an indentation.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Display information about a version You use.
.SH KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
.TP
.B Arrow left/right
Move the cursor one char left/right.
.TP
.B Arrow up/down
Move the cursor one line up/down.
.TP
.B Ctrl^Arrow left/right
Move the cursor one word left/right.
.TP
.B Ctrl^Arrow up/down
Move the cursor to the previous/next paragraph.
.TP
.B Ctrl^Backslash
Expand the lower bar with basic keyboard shortcuts.
.TP
.B Ctrl^D
Delete the current line.
.TP
.B Ctrl^O
Save as - Switch to the filename edit mode. Enter to confirm and save. Escapes
returns to the text editing.
.TP
.B Ctrl^Q
Exit.
.TP
.B Ctrl^S
Quickly save the file with the filename displayed in the upper bar.
.TP
.B Ctrl^F1-F4
Switch between the first and the last (forth) loaded file.
.SH SEE ALSO
fiflorc(5)
.SH BUGS
.TP
.B Blinking
Blinking window with a default tty. It's caused by the implementation which
renders a full window every time. With modern terminal emulators, the problem
does not occur.
.TP
.B Ctrl^[ or Escape
The next five chars will be ignored.
.TP
.B Using arrows during the live filename edit
It will insert some of the escape sequence chars to the text and exit from
filename edition mode.
.TP
.B Ctrl^Arrow left
Skipping words at the left side is less precise and a little faster than at the
right side.
.SH AUTHOR
mattmaniak
